well we're very excited to be back in
austin everyone was um
so warm and welcoming last year and we
wanted to
do something to give back so you know
there are many big companies here all
trying to get attention
i decided to focus this year on a little
one i posted a tweet for any local
business in austin
that might want me to help them produce
a local commercial we got a lot of
responses
thousands of them in fact and there are
a number of worthy candidates but
because this is such a high-tech event
with the apps and the devices we decided
to make a commercial
for a business that is very low-tech and
here it is
this is our boost to the local economy
hola hello hello hello hello hello
how are you how are you jimmy hi kristen
thank you hello brian
brian how you doing well here we are
congratulations
thank you isn't this exciting very so
show me around and maybe we'll get to
work here planning this thing
cool all right movies go brain
yeah go brian
we're very proud of our large jerry
lewis section that we have
we have the very popular canadian
television
section here what makes asian horror
different from regular horror more heron
face
they like they like lady like wet
looking ladies with hair in their face
here's one i remember probably my youth
that's a good one hot dog the movie yeah
which is a movie
we watch primarily to see women topless
right
shannon tweed yeah in case you forgot
you guys also carry stuff on vhs we
never get rid of any of our vhs let's go
look at it all right
so you rent more than like none of these
in a day
we'll get maybe two or three a day like
it's not a lot but
enough to still is it to the same guy
there used to be one guy
that he only rented videotapes and then
we all died inside when he got a dvd
player like oh you were the guy
so i think i think i know what i have to
do here i think we have to
show people what's special about this
video store other than the fact that it
still exists
and um what's your budget is it like
million two million a few bucks don't
we're a video store in 2015
all right we'll try to do it on the
cheap we're gonna have to find somebody
passionate about movies that's
i guess the way we're gonna have to go
here all right
i'll get to work all right thank you i
hope this works out for all of us thank
you
thank you
inaudible what's happening oh hey how
you doing how's it going
i don't know how i feel about that so
anyway we made three spots
yeah did you like the local actor we
found he was nice he's a nice guy yeah
you want to look at it let's do it let's
go i got him on vhs just like you like
tracking i missed tracking
tired of streaming movies directly to
your tv
so many options so much scrolling so
many things to click
who's got time for all that clicking
don't you wish there were a better way
with two convenient locations on west
elizabeth
and north luke in austin
my deal with netflix when vulcan video
makes it so easy quit scrolling
quit streaming start dreaming about v
h s
logan video blows an extensive canadian
tv collection nation order section
featuring wet looking women's hair in
their faces and hot dogs the movie with
booze
did you say vulcan video is all right
yeah i'd say smart
all right all right you missed one no
it's just
too hard video don't be a loser
be a vulcan video chooser
all right all right
there you go did you love it it was good
i wish we had one that mentioned the
free parking oh yeah we did forget the
free parking all right well let's put
the other one
let's see what this one is yeah
vulcan vulcan video serving austin very
limited vhs needs since the mid 80s
and parking is free
hey you remember that time we rented a
vhs tape
we tried to get it in the machine it had
been in the sun and it was
warped and it didn't fit in the machine
that happens less than 40 percent of the
time in broken video but it happened on
this night so what do i do i come back
to vulcan the same night meaning i
arrived here at 3 a.m
they're closed you were closed you were
closed
sleep in the parking lot come in when
they first opened in the morning which
was noon
no problem there again human service
from brian he says you know what
i'm going to give you something for your
inconvenience last night i'm going to
give you the texas chainsaw mask for
part 3 with renee zellweger and
and you for half price
parking is free
nice yeah that one was better i like
that one but i think it was a little
like too kind of too much about the
service and i want to know i want to see
more about like our
selection the movies that we got i liked
you so much better with the
all beard
at bulking video we have over 52 000
titles
vhs things t-shirts and a bathroom it's
like some people would say we're at a
date which we would call
stupid classic classic others might say
we are bygones of uh
technology past which we would call
hopelessly out of touch retro and
vintage
take me for instance i live in round
rock 32 miles north of austin
where this place is peak traffic time
takes me 1.62 hours to get here i don't
mind number one i like to drive number
two i like to talk to myself
when i drive
hey where are you going this way v
u u l l c c h and s
what is it vulcan
so don't be army get out of your house
come and see us at vulcan video if you
do not you're out of your vulcan mind if
you do not you will die
may the force be with you it's a
different movie you're right
talk about this one
video vulcan video
anything else would be illogical
i think anymore will be smiling right
now by the way that's brian and kristen
right there
these two are getting married in two
weeks so congratulations
somebody get them a dvr hi i'm jimmy
kimmel thanks for watching if you'd like
to see more click below to subscribe to
our youtube channel and if not
do nothing at all